Here's the exercise for Re-entrancy Guard.
As you can see in the code here,
it's not very different from the code in the prior exercises.
We are following a similar pattern.
We start off by using the SafeMath library.
In this case, we initialize a counter variable to one.
We then have the code for the modifier,
and this modifier is going to be
different from just about every other modifier you create.
In your typical modifier,
you're going to have code which then ends
with the underscore placeholder where the function code is.
But in this particular case,
the important difference is that you have code before the function placeholder,
and you also have code after the function placeholder.
If you look lower down,
you can see that the similar function from the prior exercise,
safeWithdraw is relying on this modifier,
and it's essentially calling the modifier entrancyGuard.
Once again, we don't care about the code
that's within safeWithdraw, that could be anything.
Our focus is the modifier itself.
So for this exercise,
please complete entrancyGuard and ensure that it cannot
be re-entered regardless of
how many times the function that is using the modifier is called.